hey guys this is Joe from for boots us
to use and today we're going to learn
how to create a clickable flash banner a
we have a simple image in here the first
thing we're going to do is convert it to
a movie clip we can press f8 or right
click on it and choose convert to symbol
movie clip and you can name it whatever
you want
banner now we need to give it an
instance name right here we can name it
banner - doesn't matter
and now make sure your banner is
selected we're going to open our
function window you can just press f9 or
got window actions and then make sure is
selected we're going to click on code
snippet and then on actions double click
on click to go to web page double click
on that one - and this is a snippet
already pre configure so all we have to
do in here you just add the website
where we want is banner to take us to
let's say I wanted to take me to do - I
will live like this and that's it
control-enter to test it I'm gonna take
it
and Here I am in YouTube now I'm gonna
erase all these let me give it a little
effect so people know that this is a
flash banner I'm gonna open a new layer
I'm gonna call it effect I'm gonna put
it underneath and then we're gonna have
draw a new rectangle kinda like this
let's paint it in gradient and then
we're gonna open the color palette I'm
going to add a new tank or white color
this one too all of them white I'm gonna
move these to the right just around here
and this one double-click on it I'm
gonna take the Alpha all the way to zero
same thing on this one
close it and then painting again now
let's rotate it something like that and
I'm gonna make this banner ten seconds
long so I'm gonna go to the frame 240
and I'm gonna press f5 so we have right
here ten seconds
I'm gonna go back to the first frame and
then I'm gonna make the animation last
for two seconds so I'm gonna go around
50 here we have two seconds I'm gonna
press f6 and then I'm going to drag this
animation to the other side I'm gonna
press shift to make it a straight line
around here and then I'm gonna right
click on this bar anywhere in here
create shape tween here's the animation
so what's gonna happen in here the
animation is going to take two seconds
and then it's gonna rest eight more
seconds and then the animation is going
to happen again so this is what's gonna
happen we have the animation and then
it's gonna take eight seconds to happen
again okay so this is done now I'm gonna
click first frame of our banner and I'm
gonna double click on it to go inside so
this is the same one and we are inside
the banner once we're here I'm gonna add
a new layer and this one I can call it
YouTube
I can add another one and call it
Twitter and we can do one layer for each
link so I'm just gonna make two of to
make it quicker I'm going to click on
the first frame of my Twitter layer and
then I'm gonna draw a square on top of
it and then I'm gonna paint it black any
color doesn't matter and then right
click on it compare it to a symbol we
can call it YouTube or white tea and
then we're gonna do the same thing on
Twitter right click convert single
Twitter and then we're gonna give an
instance name YouTube this one to
Twitter now we're going to do the same
thing go to the cops nip it double click
double click and just type in here the
true and then our username like in my
case
five words to this plus and then we're
gonna do the same thing to the other one
and we're going to type in here Twitter
and our username so the last thing we're
gonna do is go to style alpha and we're
going to take the Alpha all the way to
zero in order to make it invisible same
thing with Twitter invisible so nobody
can see the black squares now let's take
the movie let's see the animation a
little bit
so that's a smooth animation it's not
like passing by over and over and over
so now if I click on YouTube it will
take me to my YouTube channel and if I
click on Twitter it will take me to
Twitter on a different tab
okay thank you for watching don't forget
to subscribe I'll be uploading more
videos soon